Reorganize docs (#3935)
ocaml-flambda/flambda-backend: jane/doc/README.md

# Documentation of Jane Street OCaml extensions

This directory contains documentation of our extensions.

> The `extensions/` subdirectory will be mirrored directly to the OxCaml website
> on compiler release.  Adding new files in the existing directories should just
> work, but if you change the structure it is also necessary to change the
> website's code, which is kept in an internal Jane Street repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `extensions/` subdirectory is the source code for the OxCaml website,
mirrored to the web on compiler release.  Internal links there will not work
on GitHub. Adding new files in the existing directories should just
work, but if you change the structure it is also necessary to change the
website's code, which is kept in an internal Jane Street repository.
```
